0	Chapter 1 Requirements Engineering Dr. Padmashree Desai 1 10/9/2025  Topics covered • Functional and non-functional requirements(Section 4.1) • Requirements engineering processes(Section 4.2) • Requirements elicitation(Section 4.3) • Requirements specification(Section 4.4 brief description) • Requirements validation Section 4.5) 2 10/9/2025  Requirements engineering • The process of establishing the services that a customer requires from  a system and the constraints under which it operates and is  developed. • The system requirements are the descriptions of the system services  and constraints that are generated during the requirements  engineering process. 3 10/9/2025  What is a requirement? • It may range from a high-level abstract statement of a service or of a  system constraint to a detailed mathematical functional specification. • This is inevitable as requirements may serve a dual function • May be the basis for a bid for a contract - therefore must be open to  interpretation;
1	This is inevitable as requirements may serve a dual function • May be the basis for a bid for a contract - therefore must be open to  interpretation; • May be the basis for the contract itself - therefore must be defined in detail; • Both these statements may be called requirements. 4 10/9/2025 Eg. An eRetail Portal with “Select to eCart – PlaceOrder – Pay” Whether the payment is in Indian currency only? Done using  Debt / credit card?  Requirements abstraction (Davis) 5 “If a company wishes to let a contract for a large software  development project, it must define its needs in a sufficiently  abstract way that a solution is not pre-defined. The  requirements must be written so that several contractors  can bid for the contract, offering, perhaps, different ways of  meeting the client organization’s needs. Once a contract  has been awarded, the contractor must write a system  definition for the client in more detail so that the client  understands and can validate what the software wi
2	ed, the contractor must write a system  definition for the client in more detail so that the client  understands and can validate what the software will do.  Both of these documents may be called the requirements  document for the system.” 10/9/2025  Types of requirement • User requirements • Statements in natural language plus diagrams of the services the system  provides and its operational constraints. Written for customers. • System requirements • A structured document setting out detailed descriptions of the system’s  functions, services and operational constraints. Defines what should be  implemented so may be part of a contract between client and contractor. 6 10/9/2025  User and system requirements  7 10/9/2025  Readers of different types of  requirements specification  8 10/9/2025  System stakeholders • Any person or organization who is affected by the system in some way  and so who has a legitimate interest • Stakeholder types • End users • System managers • System owners • E
3	who is affected by the system in some way  and so who has a legitimate interest • Stakeholder types • End users • System managers • System owners • External stakeholders 9 10/9/2025  Stakeholders in the Mentcare system • Patients whose information is recorded in the system. • Doctors who are responsible for assessing and treating patients. • Nurses who coordinate the consultations with doctors and administer  some treatments. • Medical receptionists who manage patients’ appointments. • IT staff who are responsible for installing and maintaining the system.   10 10/9/2025  Stakeholders in the Mentcare system • A medical ethics manager who must ensure that the system meets  current ethical guidelines for patient care. • Health care managers who obtain management information from the  system. • Medical records staff who are responsible for ensuring that system  information can be maintained and preserved, and that record  keeping procedures have been properly implemented. 11 10/9/2025  A
4	ensuring that system  information can be maintained and preserved, and that record  keeping procedures have been properly implemented. 11 10/9/2025  Agile methods and requirements • Many agile methods argue that producing detailed system  requirements is a waste of time as requirements change so quickly. • The requirements document is therefore always out of date. • Agile methods usually use incremental requirements engineering and  may express requirements as ‘user stories’ (discussed in Chapter 3). • This is practical for business systems but problematic for systems that  require pre-delivery analysis (e.g. critical systems) or systems  developed by several teams. 12 10/9/2025  Functional and non-functional  requirements 13 10/9/2025  Functional and non-functional  requirements • Functional requirements • Statements of services the system should provide, how the system  should react to particular inputs and how the system should behave in  particular situations. • May state what the
5	em should provide, how the system  should react to particular inputs and how the system should behave in  particular situations. • May state what the system should not do. • Non-functional requirements • Constraints on the services or functions offered by the system such as  timing constraints, constraints on the development process, standards,  etc. • Often apply to the system as a whole rather than individual  features or services. • Domain requirements • Constraints on the system from the domain of operation 14 10/9/2025  Functional requirements • Describe functionality or system services. • Depend on the type of software, expected users and the type of  system where the software is used. • Functional user requirements may be high-level statements of what  the system should do. • Functional system requirements should describe the system services  in detail. 15 10/9/2025  Mentcare system: functional requirements • A user shall be able to search the appointments lists for all clinics.
6	m services  in detail. 15 10/9/2025  Mentcare system: functional requirements • A user shall be able to search the appointments lists for all clinics. • The system shall generate each day, for each clinic, a list of patients  who are expected to attend appointments that day.  • Each staff member using the system shall be uniquely identified by his  or her 8-digit employee number.  16 10/9/2025  Requirements imprecision • Problems arise when functional requirements are not precisely  stated. • Ambiguous requirements may be interpreted in different ways by  developers and users. • Consider the term ‘search’ in requirement 1 • User intention – search for a patient name across all appointments in all  clinics; • Developer interpretation – search for a patient name in an individual clinic.  User chooses clinic then search. 17 10/9/2025  Requirements completeness and consistency • In principle, requirements should be both complete and consistent. • Complete • They should include descriptions
7	ements completeness and consistency • In principle, requirements should be both complete and consistent. • Complete • They should include descriptions of all facilities required. • Consistent • There should be no conflicts or contradictions in the descriptions of the  system facilities. • In practice, because of system and environmental complexity, it is impossible to  produce a complete and consistent requirements document. 18 10/9/2025  Activity: • Type: Pair                           Time: 10 mins • Write five functional requirements of a online store selling organic  products 10/9/2025 19  Solution : Functional Requirements: online  store selling organic products 1. Authenticated users shall login in to a system 2. User shall be able to search a product of his interest. 3. User shall be able to add a item in a cart 4. User shall be able to delete an item from the cart 5. User shall be able to place an order cancel the order 6. User shall be able to make a payment  through credit/de
8	le to delete an item from the cart 5. User shall be able to place an order cancel the order 6. User shall be able to make a payment  through credit/debit/UPI 7. -------  etc 10/9/2025 20  Some Examples for Functional Requirements 1. When the user enters the information, the system shall send an approval request. 2. The server shall log all changes to existing data. 3. The system shall only allow managers to view customer banking data. 4. User shall be able  retrieve his loan account details 5. System shall send notification on maturity of fixed deposits 10/9/2025 21  Non-functional requirements • These define system properties and constraints e.g. reliability,  response time and storage requirements. Constraints are I/O device  capability, system representations, etc. • Process requirements may also be specified mandating a particular  IDE, programming language or development method. • Non-functional requirements may be more critical than functional  requirements. If these are not met,
9	E, programming language or development method. • Non-functional requirements may be more critical than functional  requirements. If these are not met, the system may be useless. 22 10/9/2025  Non-functional requirements implementation • Non-functional requirements may affect the overall architecture of a  system rather than the individual components.  • For example, to ensure that performance requirements are met, you may  have to organize the system to minimize communications between  components. • A single non-functional requirement, such as a security requirement,  may generate a number of related functional requirements that  define system services that are required.  • It may also generate requirements that restrict existing requirements.  23 10/9/2025  Non-functional requirements implementation • Non-functional requirements may affect the overall architecture of a  system rather than the individual components.  • For example, to ensure that performance requirements are met, you m
10	ct the overall architecture of a  system rather than the individual components.  • For example, to ensure that performance requirements are met, you may  have to organize the system to minimize communications between  components. • A single non-functional requirement, such as a security requirement,  may generate a number of related functional requirements that  define system services that are required.  • It may also generate requirements that restrict existing requirements.  24 10/9/2025  Some Examples of Non-functional  Requirements: 1. When 24 hours have passed since the last database backup, the  server shall automatically back up the database. 2. The local terminal shall automatically print a list of orders every 4  hours. 3. When the local time is 0800, the server shall email a report of open  issues to all managers. 10/9/2025 25  Contd : examples of Non Functional  Requiements 1. Database security should meet HIPAA(Health Insurance Portability  and Accountability Act) requireme
11	Contd : examples of Non Functional  Requiements 1. Database security should meet HIPAA(Health Insurance Portability  and Accountability Act) requirements. 2. The layout should allow users to reach their profile data from any  page within 3 clicks. 3. If a user has not changed their password for 56 days, then the  system should require a password change upon login. 4. The system must accommodate a minimum of 3 million concurrent  users. 5. All web pages should load within 4 seconds. 10/9/2025 26  Contd: examples of Non Functional  Requirements 1. The server room shouldaccommodate a future doubling of installed  hardware. 2. The server room should be accessible by authorized employees 24 hours  per day. 3. The background colour for all screens must be #fff4b6 A functional requirement frequently has a related non-functional requirement.  Remember that the difference is essentially the what and the how, which are both  necessary.  Here are some examples: 10/9/2025 27  Functional and Relate
12	ember that the difference is essentially the what and the how, which are both  necessary.  Here are some examples: 10/9/2025 27  Functional and Related Non-functional  Requirement 10/9/2025 28  Types of nonfunctional requirement  29 10/9/2025  Non-functional classifications • Product requirements • Requirements which specify that the delivered product must behave in a particular way e.g.  execution speed, reliability, etc. • Organisational requirements • Requirements which are a consequence of organisational policies and procedures e.g.  process standards used, implementation requirements, etc. • External requirements • Requirements which arise from factors which are external to the system and its development  process e.g. interoperability requirements, legislative requirements, etc. 30 10/9/2025  Examples of nonfunctional requirements in  the Mentcare system 31 Product requirement The Mentcare system shall be available to all clinics during normal  working hours (Mon–Fri, 0830–17.30).
13	the Mentcare system 31 Product requirement The Mentcare system shall be available to all clinics during normal  working hours (Mon–Fri, 0830–17.30). Downtime within normal  working hours shall not exceed five seconds in any one day. Organizational requirement Users of the Mentcare system shall authenticate themselves using  their health authority identity card. External requirement The system shall implement patient privacy provisions as set out in  HStan-03-2006-priv.  10/9/2025  Goals and requirements • Non-functional requirements may be very difficult to state precisely and  imprecise requirements may be difficult to verify.  • Goal • A general intention of the user such as ease of use. • Verifiable non-functional requirement • A statement using some measure that can be objectively tested. • Goals are helpful to developers as they convey the intentions of the system users. 32 10/9/2025  Example : Usability requirements(Mentcare) • The system should be easy to use by medical staff
14	nvey the intentions of the system users. 32 10/9/2025  Example : Usability requirements(Mentcare) • The system should be easy to use by medical staff and should be  organized in such a way that user errors are minimized. (Goal) • Medical staff shall be able to use all the system functions after four  hours of training. After this training, the average number of errors  made by experienced users shall not exceed two per hour of system  use. (Testable non-functional requirement) 33 10/9/2025  KLE STUDio - Nonfunctional Requirements • Response time - • User must be able to see the homepage of the application within 5 seconds after login  about  90% of times. • Response time of all the options in the application must be less than 5 seconds about 90% of  times for navigation. • The response time also depends on the speed of the network and device speed. • Reliability – •  The software application that we have featured accepts legitimate inputs and produces  expected results under all condit
15	ice speed. • Reliability – •  The software application that we have featured accepts legitimate inputs and produces  expected results under all conditions about 95% of times. • Availability – • The data is available 24 x 7 except during mentainace. • Usability- • The application meets usability requirements by providing well-formed graphical user interface  and informative error messages. 10/9/2025 34  Hints: Non Functional Requirements • All the back end processing , data updation and any thing  required to perform functional requirement should be  included in Non-functional requirements.  • Example: For predicting sale in the current week, last 5 days of  realtime data has to be updated.  • Or Tweeter data shall be analysed periodically on trending #tags  and keep the analysis results ready. These are just examples.  Valid  Non requirement Invalid Non- requirement •The response time of command x  should be less than one second 90%  of the times •A transaction should be processed  in
16	ent Invalid Non- requirement •The response time of command x  should be less than one second 90%  of the times •A transaction should be processed  in less than one second 98% of the  time •Response time should be  good •Process transaction quickly 10/9/2025 35  Metrics for specifying nonfunctional  requirements 36 Property Measure Speed Processed transactions/second User/event response time Screen refresh time Size Mbytes Number of ROM chips Ease of use Training time Number of help frames Reliability Mean time to failure Probability of unavailability Rate of failure occurrence Availability Robustness Time to restart after failure Percentage of events causing failure Probability of data corruption on failure Portability Percentage of target dependent statements Number of target systems 10/9/2025  Activity: • Type: Pair           Time: 10 mins • Write non-functional requirements of a online store selling organic  products for which you have already written functional requirements. 10/9/2
17	ins • Write non-functional requirements of a online store selling organic  products for which you have already written functional requirements. 10/9/2025 37  Solution: Non-Functional Requirements for  Online store selling organic products  • Alert message should be sent for the  user who tries three times  during login while entering password. • OTP should be sent to personal mail-id or mobile during the payment  for order • Response time should be less than 1 sec. • System should be portable on all devices and OS. • Graphical User interface should provide context help while using the  system • Amount should be refunded within 1 week of working hours…    etc 10/9/2025 38  Requirements engineering processes 39 10/9/2025  Requirement Engineering process 10/9/2025 40  Requirements engineering processes • The processes used for RE vary widely depending on the  application domain, the people involved and the  organisation developing the requirements. • In practice, RE is an iterative activi
18	depending on the  application domain, the people involved and the  organisation developing the requirements. • In practice, RE is an iterative activity in which these  processes are interleaved. 41 10/9/2025  A spiral view of the  requirements engineering  process  42 10/9/2025  • The activities are organized as an iterative process around a spiral.  The output of the RE process is a system requirements document. •  The amount of time and effort devoted to each activity in an iteration  depends on the stage of the overall process, the type of system being  developed, and the budget that is available. • The number of iterations around the spiral can vary so that the spiral  can be exited after some or all of the user requirements have been  elicited.  • Agile development can be used instead of prototyping so that the  requirements and the system implementation are developed  together. 10/9/2025 43  Requirements elicitation 44 10/9/2025  Requirements elicitation and analysis • Sometimes
19	system implementation are developed  together. 10/9/2025 43  Requirements elicitation 44 10/9/2025  Requirements elicitation and analysis • Sometimes called requirements elicitation or requirements discovery. • Involves technical staff working with customers to find out about the application  domain, the services that the system should provide and the system’s operational  constraints. • May involve end-users, managers, engineers involved in maintenance, domain  experts, trade unions, etc. These are called stakeholders. 45 10/9/2025  Requirements elicitation • Software engineers work with a range of system stakeholders to find  out about the application domain, the services that the system should  provide, the required system performance, hardware constraints,  other systems, etc. • Stages include: • Requirements discovery, • Requirements classification and organization, • Requirements prioritization and negotiation, • Requirements specification. 46 10/9/2025  Problems of requirements
20	s classification and organization, • Requirements prioritization and negotiation, • Requirements specification. 46 10/9/2025  Problems of requirements elicitation • Stakeholders don’t know what they really want. • Stakeholders express requirements in their own terms. • Different stakeholders may have conflicting requirements. • Organisational and political factors may influence the system requirements. • The requirements change during the analysis process. New stakeholders may  emerge and the business environment may change. 47 10/9/2025  The requirements elicitation and analysis  process  48 10/9/2025  Process activities: The requirements  elicitation and analysis process  • Requirements discovery • Interacting with stakeholders to discover their requirements. Domain requirements are also  discovered at this stage. • Requirements classification and organisation • Groups related requirements and organises them into coherent clusters. • Prioritisation and negotiation • Prioritising requ
21	ication and organisation • Groups related requirements and organises them into coherent clusters. • Prioritisation and negotiation • Prioritising requirements and resolving requirements conflicts. • Requirements specification • Requirements are documented and input into the next round of the spiral. 10/9/2025 49  Requirements discovery • The process of gathering information about the required and existing  systems and distilling the user and system requirements from this  information. • Interaction is with system stakeholders from managers to external  regulators. • Systems normally have a range of stakeholders. Methods 1. Interviews 2. Ethnography 3. Stories and scenarios 4. Use cases 50 10/9/2025  Interviewing • Formal or informal interviews with stakeholders are part of most RE  processes. • Types of interview • Closed interviews based on pre-determined list of questions • Open interviews where various issues are explored with stakeholders. • Effective interviewing • Be open-minded,
22	on pre-determined list of questions • Open interviews where various issues are explored with stakeholders. • Effective interviewing • Be open-minded, avoid pre-conceived ideas about the requirements and are  willing to listen to stakeholders.  • Prompt the interviewee to get discussions going using a springboard question,  a requirements proposal, or by working together on a prototype system.  51 10/9/2025  Interviews in practice • Normally a mix of closed and open-ended interviewing. • Interviews are good for getting an overall understanding of what stakeholders do  and how they might interact with the system. • Interviewers need to be open-minded without pre-conceived ideas of  what the system should do • You need to prompt the use to talk about the system by suggesting requirements  rather than simply asking them what they want. 10/9/2025 52  Problems with interviews • Application specialists may use language to describe their work that  isn’t easy for the requirements engineer to
23	2025 52  Problems with interviews • Application specialists may use language to describe their work that  isn’t easy for the requirements engineer to understand. • Interviews are not good for understanding domain requirements • Requirements engineers cannot understand specific domain terminology; • Some domain knowledge is so familiar that people find it hard to articulate or  think that it isn’t worth articulating. 53 10/9/2025  Ethnography • A social scientist spends a considerable time observing and analysing how people  actually work. • People do not have to explain or articulate their work. • Social and organisational factors of importance may be observed. • Ethnographic studies have shown that work is usually richer and more complex  than suggested by simple system models. 54 10/9/2025  Scope of ethnography • Requirements that are derived from the way that people actually  work rather than the way I which process definitions suggest that  they ought to work. • Requirements that a
24	erived from the way that people actually  work rather than the way I which process definitions suggest that  they ought to work. • Requirements that are derived from cooperation and awareness of  other people’s activities. • Awareness of what other people are doing leads to changes in the ways in  which we do things. • Ethnography is effective for understanding existing processes but  cannot identify new features that should be added to a system. 55 10/9/2025  Focused ethnography • Developed in a project studying the air traffic control process • Combines ethnography with prototyping • Prototype development results in unanswered questions which focus  the ethnographic analysis. • The problem with ethnography is that it studies existing practices  which may have some historical basis which is no longer relevant. 56 10/9/2025  Ethnography and prototyping for  requirements analysis  57 10/9/2025  Stories and scenarios • Scenarios and user stories are real-life examples of how a system can
25	nd prototyping for  requirements analysis  57 10/9/2025  Stories and scenarios • Scenarios and user stories are real-life examples of how a system can  be used. • Stories and scenarios are a description of how a system may be used  for a particular task. • Because they are based on a practical situation, stakeholders can  relate to them and can comment on their situation with respect to  the story. 10/9/2025 58  Photo sharing in the classroom (iLearn) • Jack is a primary school teacher in Ullapool (a village in northern Scotland). He has decided that a class project should be  focused around the fishing industry in the area, looking at the history, development and economic impact of fishing. As  part of this, pupils are asked to gather and share reminiscences from relatives, use newspaper archives and collect old  photographs related to fishing and fishing communities in the area. Pupils use an iLearn wiki to gather together fishing  stories and SCRAN (a history resources site) to acce
26	ishing and fishing communities in the area. Pupils use an iLearn wiki to gather together fishing  stories and SCRAN (a history resources site) to access newspaper archives and photographs. However, Jack also needs a  photo sharing site as he wants pupils to take and comment on each others’ photos and to upload scans of old photographs  that they may have in their families. Jack sends an email to a primary school teachers group, which he is a member of to see if anyone can recommend an  appropriate system. Two teachers reply and both suggest that he uses KidsTakePics, a photo sharing site that allows  teachers to check and moderate content. As KidsTakePics is not integrated with the iLearn authentication service, he sets  up a teacher and a class account. He uses the iLearn setup service to add KidsTakePics to the services seen by the pupils in  his class so that when they log in, they can immediately use the system to upload photos from their mobile devices and  class computers. 59 10/
27	ls in  his class so that when they log in, they can immediately use the system to upload photos from their mobile devices and  class computers. 59 10/9/2025  Scenarios • A structured form of user story • Scenarios should include • A description of the starting situation; • A description of the normal flow of events; • A description of what can go wrong; • Information about other concurrent activities; • A description of the state when the scenario finishes. 60 10/9/2025  Uploading photos ((iLearn) • Initial assumption: A user or a group of users have one or more digital photographs to be uploaded to the picture sharing  site. These are saved on either a tablet or laptop computer. They have successfully logged on to KidsTakePics. • Normal:  The user chooses upload photos and they are prompted to select the photos to be uploaded on their computer  and to select the project name under which the photos will be stored. They should also be given the option of inputting  keywords that should
28	mputer  and to select the project name under which the photos will be stored. They should also be given the option of inputting  keywords that should be associated with each uploaded photo. Uploaded photos are named by creating a conjunction of  the user name with the filename of the photo on the local computer. • On completion of the upload, the system automatically sends an email to the project moderator asking them to check new  content and generates an on-screen message to the user that this has been done.  61 10/9/2025  Uploading photos • What can go wrong:  • No moderator is associated with the selected project. An email is automatically generated to the school administrator  asking them to nominate a project moderator. Users should be informed that there could be a delay in making their  photos visible. • Photos with the same name have already been uploaded by the same user.  The user should be asked if they wish to re- upload the photos with the same name, rename the photos or
29	have already been uploaded by the same user.  The user should be asked if they wish to re- upload the photos with the same name, rename the photos or cancel the upload. If they chose to re-upload the photos,  the originals are overwritten. If they chose to rename the photos, a new name is automatically generated by adding a  number to the existing file name. • Other activities:  The moderator may be logged on to the system and may approve photos as they are uploaded. • System state on completion: User is logged on. The selected photos have been uploaded and assigned a status ‘awaiting  moderation’.  Photos are visible to the moderator and to the user who uploaded them. 62 10/9/2025  Requirements Specifications • Requirements specification is the process of writing down the user  and system requirements in a requirements document.  • User requirements are almost always written in natural language  supplemented by appropriate diagrams and tables in the  requirements document. System requ
30	requirements are almost always written in natural language  supplemented by appropriate diagrams and tables in the  requirements document. System require ments may also be written in  natural language, but other notations based on forms, graphical, or  mathematical system models can also be used. 10/9/2025 63  Notations for writing Requirements  Specifications 10/9/2025 64  Requirements validation 65 10/9/2025  Requirements validation • Concerned with demonstrating that the requirements define the  system that the customer really wants. • Requirements error costs are high so validation is very important • Fixing a requirements error after delivery may cost up to 100 times the cost of  fixing an implementation error. 66 10/9/2025  Requirements checking • Validity. Does the system provide the functions which best support the  customer’s needs? • Consistency. Are there any requirements conflicts? • Completeness. Are all functions required by the customer included? • Realism. Can the requi
31	ds? • Consistency. Are there any requirements conflicts? • Completeness. Are all functions required by the customer included? • Realism. Can the requirements be implemented given available budget and  technology • Verifiability. Can the requirements be checked? 67 10/9/2025  Requirements validation techniques • Requirements reviews • Systematic manual analysis of the requirements. • Prototyping • Using an executable model of the system to check requirements. Covered in  Chapter 2. • Test-case generation • Developing tests for requirements to check testability. 68 10/9/2025  Requirements reviews • Regular reviews should be held while the requirements definition is  being formulated. • Both client and contractor staff should be involved in reviews. • Reviews may be formal (with completed documents) or informal.  Good communications between developers, customers and users can  resolve problems at an early stage. 69 10/9/2025  Review checks • Verifiability • Is the requirement realisticall
32	developers, customers and users can  resolve problems at an early stage. 69 10/9/2025  Review checks • Verifiability • Is the requirement realistically testable? • Comprehensibility • Is the requirement properly understood? • Traceability • Is the origin of the requirement clearly stated? • Adaptability • Can the requirement be changed without a large impact on other  requirements? 70 10/9/2025  Requirements change 71 10/9/2025  Changing requirements • The business and technical environment of the system always  changes after installation.  • New hardware may be introduced, it may be necessary to interface the  system with other systems, business priorities may change (with consequent  changes in the system support required), and new legislation and regulations  may be introduced that the system must necessarily abide by.  • The people who pay for a system and the users of that system are  rarely the same people.  • System customers impose requirements because of organizational and  bu
33	o pay for a system and the users of that system are  rarely the same people.  • System customers impose requirements because of organizational and  budgetary constraints. These may conflict with end-user requirements and,  after delivery, new features may have to be added for user support if the  system is to meet its goals. 72 10/9/2025  Changing requirements • Large systems usually have a diverse user community, with many  users having different requirements and priorities that may be  conflicting or contradictory.  • The final system requirements are inevitably a compromise between them  and, with experience, it is often discovered that the balance of support given  to different users has to be changed. 73 10/9/2025                                                          Thank you 10/9/2025 74
